Add a hint to OIDC and Hibernate Multitenancy docs about passing a tenant id (#12014)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/hibernate-orm.adoc

<1> Make sure to use the `@io.quarkus.hibernate.orm.PersistenceUnit` annotation, not the JPA one.
====

[NOTE]
====

> If you also use link:security-openid-connect-multitenancy[OIDC MultiTenancy] and both OIDC and Hibernate tenant IDs are the same and must be extracted from the Vertx `RoutingContext` then you can pass the tenant id from the OIDC Tenant Resolver to the Hibernate Tenant Resolver as a `RoutingContext` attribute, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also use link:security-openid-connect-multitenancy[OIDC multitenancy] and both OIDC and Hibernate ORM tenant IDs are the same and must be extracted from the Vert.x `RoutingContext` then you can pass the tenant id from the OIDC Tenant Resolver to the Hibernate ORM Tenant Resolver as a `RoutingContext` attribute, for example:
```
